Fix link to MLJ (#232)
JuliaAI/DecisionTree.jl: README.md

Available via:
* [AutoMLPipeline.jl](https://github.com/IBM/AutoMLPipeline.jl) - create complex ML pipeline structures using simple expressions
* [CombineML.jl](https://github.com/ppalmes/CombineML.jl) - a heterogeneous ensemble learning package

> * [MLJ.jl](https://github.com/JuliaAI/MLJ.jl) - a machine learning framework for Julia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [MLJ.jl](https://juliaai.github.io/MLJ.jl/dev/) - a machine learning framework for Julia
```
